welcome to Hubble augmentation your
content platform for mobile augmented
reality applications a blog mutation
provides an easy way for non-technical
creatives to start experimenting with
mobile augmented reality create your own
augmented reality experiences and
publish your work on all major mobile
augmented reality browsers Apple
orientation supports Junio layer and
Wikitude the Hubble augmentation
dashboard is the place to organize your
personalized overlays click on one of
your overlays to edit your contents
Apple augmentation comes with a
full-screen map interface to place and
edit your augments all around the world
click on any argument to open its info
window and edit title in description
text either upload your own thumbnail or
choose one from the personalized
inventory then click Save to publish
your changes in real time and this is
how it looks like on your handset app
alimentation also supports 2d and 3d
assets just upload your images and 3d
models or choose from the pre-populated
inventory adjust the assets scale and
click Save and this is how it looks like
on your phone for more information about
the specific requirements of the various
AR browsers
please check out the Help section on the
top right a permutation even supports
audio and video just add a video action
and choose a video from the inventory or
upload your own video then enter an
action label click Save and you're done
on your mobile phone just hit the
augments watch video button to play your
video upload your audio and video images
and 3d models with just a mouse click
and edit to be a personalized inventory
in the cloud how about augmentation even
does the hosting for you it simply runs
in your browser there's no software
installation required
and no coding needed at all no not a
linkable augmentation of Junio layer and
Wikitude in just a few easy steps first
of all register at hopple augmentation
go to www.upalliance.org mentation then
click create your account here fill out
the following form and receive your
Confidential's via email continue to log
in enter your username and password and
click log in'
the hopple augmentation dashboard is the
place to organize to personalized
overlays we already added your first
overlay called untitled use your mouse
to select the overlay URL and copy it to
your clipboard
register at denial go to
www.campinginstlouis.com a QR l into
your channel profile fill out mandatory
fields and it's safe login and Jenaya on
your phone to access your unpublished
layer now start adding content to your
overlay at hopple orientation please
note that you might want to close and
reopen your channel on the phone to
refresh your contents however you can
also specify a channel refresh time in
the channel profile on the denial
website register at lahic go to
www.carmensognonvi.com/newsletter grant
asian - for
as API endpoint URL into your layer
profile fill out mandatory fields and
it's safe please remember your layer
name we need to enter it at Harper
augmentation go back to hobble
augmentation dashboard we need to change
the name of your overlay so it matches
the name of your layer click the Edit
icon on the right change the name of
your overlay click Save and you're done
login it lay on your phone to access
your yet unpublished layer now start
adding content to your overlay at hopple
augmentation please note that you might
want to use layers refresh button under
the layer settings to refresh your
contents on the phone
register advocate ood go to
www.youtube.com Apple our web service
I'm tagging to create your own world log
in with your Facebook Twitter Yahoo or
Google Account paste your overlay URL
from opal augmentation dashboard as
habala URL into your world profile fill
out mandatory fields and it's safe on
your phone go to wiki tooth settings and
enter your developer key to access your
yet unpublished world on iphone you will
find the wicked tooth settings in the
general settings now start adding
content to your overlay at hopple
argumentation please note that you might
want to close and reopen your world to
refresh your contents on the phone
Carbon augmentation takes care of all
the content pre-processing needed to
enable seamless cross-platform
publication concentrate on what you
really want to work on build your
contents and enjoy your work on Janerio
layer and Wikitude try open augmentation
your content platform for mobile
augmented reality applications go to
upon others agency.com thanks for
watching